chore:include note for self resizing (#14944)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/platform/database-size.mdx

The maximum Disk Storage Size for Pro plan is 64TB. If you need more than this, [contact us](https://app.supabase.com/support/new) to learn more about the Enterprise plan.

The Disk Storage Size can also be manually expanded in [Database settings page](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/settings/database). The maximum default you can expand the Disk Storage to is 200GB. If you wish to manually expand it any more than 200GB, please [contact us](https://app.supabase.com/support/new) to discuss expanding the 200GB limit. 

<Admonition type="info">
You may want to import a lot of data into your database which requires multiple disk expansions; for example, uploading more than 1.5x the current size of your database storage will put your database into [read-only mode](#read-only-mode). If so, it is highly recommended you increase the Disk Storage Size manually on the [Database settings page](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/settings/database).
  

> Due to provider restrictions, disk expansions can occur only once every six hours. During the six-hour window, the disk cannot be resized again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to provider restrictions, disk expansions can occur only once every six hours. During the six-hour window, the disk cannot be resized again.

```

> Please note that there are provider restrictions that allow disk expansions only once every 6 hours as it happens with auto-scaling. This means that you can only expand your disks once every 6 hours due to these limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to provider restrictions, disk expansions can occur only once every six hours. During the six-hour window, the disk cannot be resized again.
```
